He was a lean but lanky sixteen year old, with a pubic hair look like that had never been shaved, and that expression maintained the innocence of his face. He was wearing sports shorts and a loose fitting shirt. His feet were in cotton socks and leggings, chewing gum and his eyes had a strange look of restlessness and anxiety. He was sitting on a heavy duty motorcycle in the middle of a crowded road at that time and was speeding almost making it fly. He was without any kind of helmet and was riding the bike very rashly. He broke the signal twice....... Overtook some vehicles three times in a dangerous manner....... While riding the bike four times, the front wheel was lifted and for a long time he continued to ride the bike on only one wheel....... Without looking right and left twice, he took his desired turn with lightning speed....... Once he started riding the bike in a zigzag pattern, six times he lifted both his feet while riding the bike at full speed.Then, while riding the bike at the same speed, he violated the one-way lane and broke into the other lane with Zanate....... He immediately removed his hands from the handle while driving the bike at full speed. The bike collided with the oncoming vehicle at full speed, it went up in the air with a jerk and then fell on something....... He had no idea. His mind was darkened.🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺The two boys were standing on the stage facing each other behind the rostrum, but the eyes of the students in the hall were always focused on one of them, both canvassing for the selection of head boy and the program. It was a part of it. Both had a poster on their rostrum, one of which was Vote for Salar and On the other was written Vote for Faizan.At that time Faizan was announcing his possible steps after becoming head boy, while Salar was busy watching him with all seriousness. Faizan was the best speaker in the school and even then he was busy showing off his fiery oratorical skills and speaking in the British accent for which he was famous. Both his voice and style were impressive due to the excellent sound system. There was no doubt silence in the hall and this silence would break only when Faizan's sportsmen started applauding his good words and the hall would suddenly echo with applause. After half an hour, when he fell silent after appealing for votes for himself, applause and whistles continued in the hall for the next several minutes.Salar Sikandar himself was also included in these applauses. Faizan cast a triumphant glance at the hall and at Salar, and seeing him clapping his hands, complimented him with a slight nod of the neck. Salar Sikandar was not an easy opponent, he knew that well.The stage secretary was now making the announcement for Salar. Salar began to speak amid the applause."Good morning friends." He paused for a moment. "Faizan Akbar as a speaker is certainly an asset to our school. I remember no one can stand on any stage compared to him." He stopped for a moment and looked at Faizan's face, which was showing a proud smile, but the rest of Salar's sentence made the smile disappear the next moment."If it's just a matter of making things up." There was a slight commotion in the hall. Salar's tone remained serious."But there is a big difference between a head boy and a speaker. The speaker has to talk. The head boy has to work. There is a difference between talker and doer. The Great talkers are not great doers." The hall echoed with the applause of Salar's supporters."I don't have the flow of beautiful words like Faizan Akbar" he continued. "I only have my name and my impressive record and I have no rivers of words to convulse me, only words." He paused again."Trust me and vote for me".By the time he turned off his mic in thanks, the hall erupted in applause In one minute and forty seconds, he said in a calculated manner, It was his specialty....... And that one and a half minutes had killed Faizan.After this initial introduction, the question and answer session started with the two hopefuls. Salar Sikandar was as concise in these replies as he was in his speech. His longest answer consisted of four sentences while Faizan's shortest answer did not even consist of four sentences. Faizan's eloquence, which were considered to be his virtues at that time, were being seen in front of Salar's short answers on this stage, and Faizan himself was also realizing this, to which questions Salar answered with one word or one sentence. I would have given, for that, Faizan would have had to make an introduction and Salar's comment about it in his speech would have felt a little more correct to the students present that a speaker can only talk."Why Salar Sikandar should be head boy?" was asked."Because you want to choose the best person." came the reply."Isn't this sentence self-admiration?" Objection was made."No, this sentence is Self-swareness." Objection rejected."What is the difference between self-admiration and self-awareness?" was asked again in a bemused tone."The same as in Faizan Akbar and Salar Sikandar." Said seriously."What difference will it make to you if you are not made head boy?""The difference is yours, not mine.""How.......? ""If the best man is not made the leader of the country, then the nation matters, not the best man.""You're calling yourself the best man again," objected again."Is there anyone in this hall who equates himself with the bad guy?""Maybe""Then I like to meet him." Laughter erupted in the hall."Tell about the changes that Salar Sikandar will bring after becoming the head boy.""The change is not told and shown and it cannot be done before becoming the head boy in the work."A few more questions were asked then the stage secretary took one last question from the audience. He was a Sri Lankan boy who stood up smiling somewhat mischievously."If you answer one of my questions, I and my entire group will vote for you."Salar smiled at him. "Before I answer, I would like to know how many people are in your group?" he asked."six......." boy said.Salar shook his head. "Okay. Ask questions.""You have to do some calculations and tell me that if we add 952852 to 267895, then subtract 399999 from it, then add 929292 to it and get it......."The Sri Lankan boy paused. One was asking a question written on a piece of paper. "Multiply by six, then divide it by two and add 492359 to the answer, what is the answer......." The boy could not finish his speech.8142473. Salar replied with lightning speed. The boy glanced at the paper and then shook his head in disbelief and clapped his hands. Faizan Akbar did not consider himself more than an actor at that time. The whole hall was busy clapping with this guy. Faizan Akbar started to feel that program was a joke.An hour later, when he was getting off the stage ahead of Salar Sikandar, he knew that he had already lost the competition. He had never felt so jealous of this boy with an IQ level of 150 before in his life.